How dare you stop this king
Imperial order
Please forgive me, His Highness King Shuo
You Qin Shiwei
You don't let these ministers in
Why don't you let me and King Shuo in?
You don't see these ministers so worried
We're just going in to take a look
Let's reassure these ministers
It's you who let him in and have a look.
We can rest assured that the emperor has ordered
No one is allowed inside
Humph well, what's your situation?
Could it be that you have bad intentions?
Want to ask to see the emperor rebel
Hurry up and tell this king
Ah or you stab this king to death today
Or this king has to go in and have a look today
Do you have the guts to stab this king to death?
The emperor has a decree
Order King Shuo and the Seventh Concubine Empress to come in